Deep in my heart there's a fire – that’s a burning heart.
Deep in my heart there's desire for a start.
I'm dying in emotion, it's my world in fantasy.
I'm living in my, living in my dreams

You're my heart, you're my soul.
I keep it shining everywhere I go.
You're my heart, you're my soul.
I'll be holding you forever, 
stay with you together.

You're my heart, you're my soul.
Yeah, I’m feeling that our love will grow.
You're my heart, you're my soul.
That's the only thing I really know.

Let's close the door and believe my burning heart.
Feeling all right, come on, open up your heart.
I'll keep the candles burning, let your body melt in mine.
I'm living in my, living in my dreams.

You packed your things in a carpetbag,Left and never looking back.Rings on your fingers, paint on your toes,Music wherever you go.You don't fit in a small-town world,But I feel you're the girl for me.Rings on your fingers, paint on your toes,You're leaving town where nobody knows.You can win if you want,If you want it, you will win,On your way you will see that life is more than fantasy.Take my hand, follow me,Oh, you've got a brand new friend for your lifeYou can win if you want,If you want it you will win.Oh, come on, take a chance for a brand new wild romance.Take my hand for the nightAnd your feelings will be right, hold me tightOh, darkness finds you on your own,Endless highways keep on rolling on.You're miles and miles from your home,But you never want to phone your home.A steady job and a nice young manYour parents had your future planned.Rings on your finger, paint on your toes,That's the way your story goes.Like the leaves falling of a treeI feel your love is dying for me.You tell me it's not the endWhere is the love that you fore sentYou fore sent, you fore sent.(You forsake, you forsake.)There's too much blue in missing you.I believe I was a fool.Before you say good-byeOh, give us one more try.Yeah, I can't forget all the love we had.There's too much blue in missing you.Oh, believe, my heart is true.Your love’s slipping away, a little bit every dayYou throw it away, it's such an easy way.Look at me I'm the lucky one.Without feelings you can't be strong.Though I call you in the nightTo hear your voice, Feel you deep inside, deep inside.Oh, my heart is crying in the night for you.Oh, my God, oh don't you feel like a fool?You're fooling yourself with a millionaireYou think it's love but he don't careAnd one of these days you're gonna be surprised.Diamonds never made a lady, lover or a friend,I know it.Diamonds never made a lady, all your dreams will end,I know it.Your Californian nightsWarm body held you tightWas just a dream.But all the diamond lightsCan't give you peaceful lives or sweet dreams.Oh, my God, you really think you have it made?Your heart is won, with first class expenses paid,You drink Champaign, eat caviarA color TV in the back of your car.But one of these days you're gonna be surprised.The night is yours, the night is mine.I beg you baby, take your time.It's like paradiseSee your magic eyesFeel the need in me.The night is yours, the night is mine.I beg your baby, take your time.Heaven in your eyesTakes me to the skyI'm in love with you.Love takes time, it's hard to findThat's true.Not a game you play - a night or two.Take my heartLet's make it real tonight.We'll be dancing to the pale moonlight.Your dreams are real todayAnd now you gonna stay.I will try to make your dreams come true.Trust me baby, nothing else will do.There's no need for you to be so cool.Love takes time just like the golden rule.Your dreams are real todayAnd now there gonna stay.Girl, when I see you smileImaginations running wild.Love makes me feel all right.Help me through the night.Sometimes you're weak,Sometimes you're wild.You're a woman,You're a child.Love makes me feel all right, tonight.I hear your heartbeat, heartbeat, heartbeatPlaying with my mind.Oh, I need you wrapped around meJust like I be on a veil.But now I'm only lonely, lonelyHolding on to you.Oh, I need you back here with me, yeahI think you want it too.Now I feed you with a new emotionHeal you when you cry,I'll be your loving doctor of the night.Do you wanna take me tonight?Do you wanna make me at night?Do you wanna, if you wanna, take what you need.Do you wanna make it all right?Do you wanna heaven is tonight?Oh baby, do you wanna, if you wanna, take what you need.I hear your heartbeat, heartbeat, heartbeatBegging for more.Oh, I need to hear that questionLike a dancer needs the floor.And now you're only, only, onlyHolding on to me.Oh, now tell me that you're coming backOne word is all I need.Now I feed you with a new emotionHeal you when you cryI'll be your loving doctor of the night.I feel your heart’s tune,I feel the sound move,I hear the last tune(I feel the same moon I hear the lust tune )Over and over again,Without end.I feel the flowers,I feel the showers,I hear the last words(I hear the lust words )Over and over again,Without end.O,a. I'll be your lucky guy.O,a. I'll be your lucky guy.Tomorrow when all things are shaping,Tomorrow then I'll be with you,Tomorrow when you're heart is aching,I keep on loving you.I feel the magic,There's been no tragic,I hear your laughingOver and over againWithout end.I see you walking,I hear you talking,I feel the lovingOver and over again,Without end.You are one in a millionYou are one in a millionYou are oh, love, my loveYou are everything for me.You are one in a millionYou are one in a millionYou caught me with your charmsWhen you held me in your arms.Oh, lonely life, I hear your heartbeatDeep in the night.I need you soKnow that I can't let you go.Dim all the lights and let me hold you so tight.The night is yours and mineYou're looking fineJust tonight.Just like a childYou're sometimes weak, sometimes you're wild.You understand, sometimes I feel like a man.Stay here tonightAnd let me hold you so tight.You are the one for meYou are my dreams, my reality.Oh, I gave you my heartEvery little bit.You're holding me till the night is gone.Oh, my little heart really blue apartWhen you touched meYou hold so strong.Now, you're looking in my eyesAnd I feel the needI will try to make your dreams come true.Nothing else I doOnly loving youAnd I never will tell you lie.Bells of ParisYou steal my heart away.Bells of Paris Remembering that day,Bells of ParisWhen I met you on the Champs Elysses in that old café.O, Bells of ParisComing up to me,Bells of ParisLike a fantasy.Bells of ParisI met you in the Paris lightsAnd I fell all rightOh, you stood in the light of an old cafeYou're flaming nice breaking up my heart.And you danced in the night in the magic lightAnd you gave my live a brand new start.Oh, you fed my love to your hungry soulAnd I see an angel in your eyes.Want you take my hand to a wonderlandI will take you to paradise.

Oh, I can not explainEvery time it's the same.Oh, I feel that it's realTake my heart.I've been lonely to longOh, I can't be so strong.Take the chance for romance, take my heart.I need you so.There's no time I'll ever go.Cheri, cheri lady,Going through a motion,Love is where you find itListen to your heart.Cheri, cheri lady,Living in devotion,It's always like the first timeLet me take a part.Cheri, cheri lady,Like there's no tomorrow,Take my heart - don't lose it,Listen to your heart.Cheri, cheri lady,To know you is to love you,If you call me, baby, I'll be always yours.I get up - I get down.All my world turns around.Who is right? Who is wrong?I don't know.I've got pain in my heart,Got a love in my soul,Easy come, but I think easy go.I need you soAlthough times I move so slow.They said: Oh yeah, it's a tough worldYou're restless and you're young.I said: Oh girl, it's a good twirlAnd your time will come, your time will come.They said: you came from the wrong sideHe's a page from the end of the book.I said: You came from the right sideTook me just one look,Then you understood.With a little loveYou will survive.With a little loveYou will get by.Do what you wantGo your own way'Cause it’s your life.With a little loveYou'll make a start.Yeah, why lovers break each other's heart.Do what you wantGo your own way'Cause it's your life.They said: no future forget itYou came from the wrong side of town.I said: don't listen, don't let itLet it bring you downMake you wear a frown.They said: Oh let him down easyLaugh at the heart you have won.I said: that life is for livingLike the morning sunIt had just begun.Sail across the universe,All the magic here on earthSlipping and slidingRolling and riding to you, my love.Summer breeze reminded me Love was wild and love was free,Memories were hiding.Baby, come on riding to me.Wild, wild waterBrings me back to you, over and over.Wild, wild waterBabe, still missing you, over and over.Wild, wild waterFreeze the wind in summer sky.Wild, wild waterExpect that love that just wouldn't die.Silver water - evening tideBrings that girl back to my side.Slipping and slidingRolling and riding to you, my love.You’ll be coming back some dayTo wild water, come what made.Memories were hiding.Baby, come on riding to me.You're my teacher, I come to school.I love you, baby.Sometimes I'm right and then a foolOh, be my lady.It's not a game I play with youDarling I know, 'cause I know the golden rule.Do what you want - be what you are.You're the lady of my heart.Oh come, oh come to me.I was lonelyI was so lonelyI never break apart.The loving feelingMy sense is reelingYou're the lady of my heart.Sometimes we win, sometimes we lose.I love you baby.Sometimes we sin, I always chooseYou're my lady.Always forgive what I have saidDarling, I knowWe'll hold together come what made.City lights spinning in my headHere comes the night and go to bed.I'm sitting here in that night cafeMy love won't go away.Never ending dreams of youLonely hours passing throughStill missing youWhere will you go, tonight?Just like an angel, you are.Home at your heaven, you're my star.Just like an angel in the nightIce in the fire melt in the light.Just like an angel,Waiting for youLet me down easyLike angels do.You're my angelOh call meGive me high, high energy.I cross the streets for a telephone.Shadows dancing, still on my own.I'm sitting here in that night cafeMy love won't go away.Cafe is empty, the night goes by,A million stars shine in the sky,Still missing you, where will you go tonight?

When I'm down and feeling blue,I close my eyes, oh just to be with you.I'm a dreamer and you knowYou're my woman and I'll never go.God put an angel here on earthWho gave me more than all I'm worth.You're my angel in the nightIn the darkness you're the light.Heaven will know, oh heaven will knowMy love will grow, baby.Heaven will knowThat I need you soI can't say: goodbye lady.Heaven will knowThat I'll never let goAnd I'm stay until my heart stand still.No matter what, baby,Feel what you want(No matter what, baby Be what you are)Heaven sent me an angelHeaven sent me a star.Don't let me down, take my hand,Now and forever be my friend.Take my love and heart tonightYou're a woman till the morning light.I cry the tears I've never shown.An empty house I call my own.You're my angel in the night,In the darkness you're the light.And it's more than a passing face,(And it's more - than a passing phase)And it's more than a few nice days,And it's more than I'll ever know,And I never be alone.

(Hold me darling, you know that I really, really love you)Oh lady, oh lady, my heart is cryingCan't holding back, keep on trying.You went out off that doorLove don't live here anymore.Oh let me, oh let me explainLove don't live here anymore.Oh let me, oh let me explainLove don't live here anymore.Troubles stole my paradiseWas our love just blind?Look what you have done to me, my love.You can still win back my heart,Love can find a wayGot my love lying in your hands.Oh, still I can't explainWhy you went away.So, I ask again have you gonna stay.I feel just the sameLove might come againEmotion, emotion.Oh lady, oh lady, my one and onlyYou've been goneI'm feeling so lonely.You went out off that doorLove don't live here anymore.Oh let me, oh let me explainLove don't live here anymore.(Hold me darling, you know that I really, really love you)Could I ever love you more, babeThan I did before?See you through the eyes of love, my love.I gave everything, how could you,Were to blind to see?But my love is still for you, babe.Still I can't explainWhy you ran away.So, I ask again have you gonna stay.I feel just the sameLove might come again.Emotion, emotion

Why did you do it just tonight?You're leaving me without goodbye.Why can't you give me one more tryBefore you went and said goodbye?Why did you do it just tonight?Sometimes I feel that life's a show,But I don't wait - don't let you goCause darling, heaven can be coldWith no angel life been told.Your memories come and memories go,But my love will always grow.Why do you flow away, my heart?Why did you break apart?Why did you do it just tonight?We had two tickets to paradise.Nobody ever loved you moreAs I always did before.Why did you do it just tonight?The way you talk, the way you smile,All things you do make life worth while.It's not a game you play with me.You give this world some sanity.Your memories come and memories go,But my love will always grow.Look at the stars, they're out tonight.Be forever by my side.Walk away don't say goodbye.Turn around, don't let it die.Love will find a way to you.Feelings and emotionsAre just like stormy ocean.Can you stay the way you are?Heaven knows you come so far.Love will find a way to youSo promise me foreverThere will never be a never.Baby, don't, don't give up.If your heart is brokenMake a brand new start.Baby, don't, don't give up.Count to ten,Start again.Don't give up!Hold on tightFind the waySee the light.Don't give up!Hold on tightLet your love make it right.Don't give up!Hold on tightDon't let love out of sightThen you'll never be alone.Need a friendSo count on me.All the things in life for free.Love will find a way to you.Baby, keep on tryingLove will keep on flying.Oh, you think you lost your way.Tomorrow is another day.Love will find a way to you.Shadows will be falling,Dreams keep on calling.

Let me rock you, let me roll you,Take my hand.I will take you to a new start,Calling the promised land.Let me love you, let me hold youWith all my heart.Trust me, baby, like I trust youI did it from the start.And each and every day I'm gonna always say:Let's talk about love, love, love, loveThat's all I'm dreaming of.Let's talk about loveIt's up to youTo make your dreams come true.Look in my eyes, there's a wayDon't throw your dreams away.You'll never loseKeep love alive.Babe, then our love survive.Let me rock you, let me roll you,I'll be close to you.We can have a one way trip to paradise for two.There's so much I can give you.I'll give all my heart.We can always be togetherAnd never break apart.And each and every day I'm gonna always say

I wanna share my dreams,Wanna share with you.On the wings of loveLike dreamers doTouch your heart -You're the queen of broken hearts.Oh, we are daytime friends -And nighttime fools.Wanna play this game -You break the rules.Tears of love are frozen tears.Geronimo's CadillacIs making all girls turn mad.Geronimo has a heart, oh, it's a drag.Geronimo's CadillacOh, making all girls turn sad.Geronimo has a heart - oh it's a drag.Geronimo's CadillacIt's tossing Oh in your head.It's tossing and turning,It's burning, it makes you mad.Geronimo's Cadillac - Oh babyI'll hold you back.You're tossing and turning,It's burning, it's makes you sad.I'm looking through the eyes, the eyes of loveMade a fool of me - can't get enoughTouch my heart - Boulevard of broken dreams.Another time for love - other place to beDon't let him take your loveYour love from meTears of love are frozen tears.

Deep love is a burning fire. Stay,'cause then the flames grow higher. Babe,don't let him steel your heart.It's easy, easy.Girl, this game can't last forever. Why,wе can not live together. Try,don't let him take your love from me.You're not good, can't you see    brother Louie, Louie, Louie.I'm in love, set you free,Oh, she's only looking to me.Only love breaks her heart,    brother Louie, Louie, Louie.Only love's paradiseOh, she's only looking to me.Brother Louie, Louie, Louie,Oh, she's only looking to me.Oh, let it LouieShe's undercover.Brother Louie, Louie, LouieOh, doing what he's doing.So, leave it Louie'Cause I'm her lover.Stay, cause this boy wants to gamble. Stay, love is more than he can handle. Girl,oh, come on stay by me forever, ever.Why does he go on pretending thatHis love is never ending? Baby,don't let him steel your love from me.Good guys only win in the movies,Evil woman tell them stories,There will never be another you.It's true.Down in and out in Paris cityAll the things are tough and pretty.Stay with me until the night is gone, Is gone.Just we two.Mona Lisa, breaks my heart.Just we two.You are a lovely work of art.Baby, just we two.You want me and I want you.Baby, just we two.I don't wanna lose for you.Everybody loves their lover,Everybody's undercover.Half a million miles I'll be from home,From home.Heaven must be missing an angel.You're the hottest child of the city.I can’t ask for anymore than you.It's true.Stay, I wanna be your man.Please, stay.You need a helping hand.Tonight I'm falling in love.Stay, I love your Chinese eyes.Please, stay,Cause you're a big surprise.Tonight, I'm falling in love.Oh, lady Lay,The time when you touch meI love you till eternity,Oh, ever I'll be your loving guide.Be here tonight.Oh, lady Lay,Oh, please come stay with me.By the light of the magical moonLater or soon, I'll be your guide.Be here tonight.Hey, you're like a butterfly.Oh, stay, oh give my love a try.Tonight, I'm falling in love, in love.Stay, I wanna be your man.I feel, I'll never feel againTonight, I'm falling in love, in love.Babe, how can you mend a broken heart?Oh, you're tearing me apart,Thousand drums play in my mind.Take, it off him put it on me.Oh, I'm feeling so lonelyAnd I'm holding back my tears.I don't wanna a doctor for my heart.Oh, I wanna try a brand new start.I don't wanna a doctor for my heart.Oh, I wanna a commander of my love.I don't wanna a doctor for my lonely heartache.My heart bleeds - love me, lady,Come, take a chance on love.I can give you anything but love.Take this (these) chains from your heart.Thousand drums are playing my mind.Babe, harder I try bluer I get.Don't put my love in a dirty bag,Until then - there's no end.

If you break my heartA heart that ever, babe, loves you.How can you mistreat?They want your loveIt's so true, I love you.Stay with me tonight.A heart will fall in love, that's right.Oh, I never can loseI never can lose this old game,It's the same,Forever and ever again.Baby, save me - don't break me,Be my forever, lady.Hold me - don't break me,Be tonight my love.Save me, please don't break meOh, baby, never fool me.Save me, or you lose meYou'll never, babe, deceive me.You're the one I want.Oh, you need love, like I do.You can hurt me more then I'll never, babe, feel brand new,That it's true.My heart belongs to youAnd my heart cries just for you.Oh, I'll never can lose, I'll never can lose this old game,It's the same,Forever and ever again.

Lady, I know it was hardBut it's much harder to ignore.There is a chance and I'll promiseI won't hurt you anymore.Hollywood nights were romancing.You can trust me anytime.Somewhere, oh babe, there is someoneOh, you're dancing in my mind.Oho ho, little queenieI'm your fool, come on, Teach me the rulesI will send an SOS for love.Oho ho, little queenie,I'm your fool you need love, Like I do, I will send an SOS for love.Atlantis is calling, SOS for love.Atlantis is calling, from the stars above.Atlantis is calling, SOS for love.Atlantis is calling, it's too hot to stop.If loving in you is wrong, babeOh, I don't wanna be right.I've got you under my skin, babeAnd, baby, hold me tight.I'm ready for our romance.I wait a million years for you.I love you more than I'm saying.Baby, that's for me the truth.Bitter, sweet, you wasted yearsLonely dream about souvenirsBaby, touch a hand and make a friend, tonight.Bitter sweet love has no pride.Try again time is on your side.Oh, strange are the ways of loveCome on and take my heart.It's breaking just apart.Keep love alive,Too hard to hold it.Keep love alive,Too hard to stop it.Keep the fire burning in your heartForever and ever.Keep the fire burning from the startEver together.Bitter, sweet so high so low,Lonely dreamerLife is a show.Oh, touch a handMake a friend, tonight.Bitter sweet more than words can sayEvil women want to play.Oh, strange are the ways of loveCome on and take my heartIt's breaking just apart.He has a heart of gold.The way to paradise is cold.I know, I know,That this world is a show.Love you more than words can say.There's a will, there's a way.I know, I know.That this world is a show.I want you, hey youFeel brand newOh, I break the golden rulesTime is on my side.I want you, hey you,Take a chance on meBaby, put your love on meI want you tonight.I want you, hey you,Little boogaloo,Shot a hole right in my soulHey girl, hey girl, take this chance for love.I want you, hey you,Little boogaloo,You want me and I want youHey girl, hey girlYou are the one that I'm dreaming off.I'm tired of be alone.Oh girl, it's easier said than doneI know, I know,That this world is a show.Oh, you wasted days and nights.Give me the chance for paradise.I know, I know,That this world is a show.

Every little moment, oh, she dreams of you.Half a million miles of love come true.How can you mend all the heartaches you've made?What is easy for two is so hard for one.What is gonna happen when the summer’s gone?How can you mend all the heartaches that you've made?Baby, how can you mend all the heartaches that you've made?Someone is breaking Angie's heart.What about the thing called love?He's breaking Angie's heart.Her heart, her heartSomeone is breaking Angie's heart.One night is not enough.Everybody got to believe in someone.O oh, AngieAngie, there will never be another you.If it doesn't fit that your dreams come true,How can he mend all the heartaches he’s made?Tears of love, you wasted for this love affairAnd his love will really hurt you, oh to care.How can he mend all the heartaches he’s made?Baby, how can he mend all the heartaches he’s made?You're walking like an angel in heaven.In the night I see an angel in you.In my lonely dreams I count to sevenAnd I call you, baby,Know that it is true.When you're young and in loveIt's too hot to stop.Young and in loveYou never give up.Only love can break my heart.It's tearing me apart.Now I never feel brand new.Only love can break my heart.Playing it's so hard.Nobody love's me like you do.Only love can break my heart.It's time to make a start.Babe, I love you without end.Only love can break my heart.You'll make it if you start.Babe, take me as your friend.Your feelings are tossing and turning.You have to love to pay the right price.Your lonely heart keeps on burning,But an angel will hear many lies.When you're young and in loveIt's too hot to stop.Young and in loveYou can never give up.